hello folks this is Nick Ruiz and sherry
Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram and RVs here in
Piqua Ohio to have showed me a 2007
Dodge Ram 1500 4x4 stop number CP one
three eight nine ninety it's bright red
and color pretty sharp
got the fog lights hood scoop I've got a
red bug shield on the front here
this one comes equipped with 20-inch
rims the chrome clad wheels on it tires
is a quad cab you've got the chrome
running boards here this trio is the
sport model it's got the same color
bumpers on it as the body color tears
dark slate in color just have a power
seat this trucks equipped with the Hemi
the 5.7 liter automatic 4x4 it's got
cruise control
there's your automatic shift on the fly
switch there for four-wheel-drive just
have a single CD am/fm radio here
power windows locks mirrors
plenty of room in the backseat of these
things these back seats here fold up
I'll come like a little workbench here
and underneath that or a storage and the
other part of the bench here does the
same thing at the chrome filler cover on
a gas filler cover those that comes with
equipped with the red fiberglass tonneau
cover on the back there's your sport
badge to package big Dodge ever open the
back window there help set it off a
little bit doesn't need much help
good-looking truck this is 2007 ram 1500
quad cab 5.7 Hemi automatic 79 thousand
miles on it again this is Nick Ruiz come
see me here at ciri Chrysler Dodge Jeep
and rvs in Piqua hi-oh